t en haut even a lorry Axum Aaron mi a
lot
anytime Trevor on our let's go time
check final approach 19 hours 56 minutes
I copy that great to see you guys again
I need to go back out again forget it we
need everyone on base where are you guys
going it's definitely not what I'm
explain anyone want to tell me what's
going on just wanna know what's so
urgent I want that site lockdown
take me down I gone Harrington you
seeing us I don't know what it is but
it's definitely alive this footprint see
it has two pairs what the hell they walk
bleep I don't let a headed back to Old
Spice hey man open your fingers do not
off of yours
Maimane latex what the hell happened
down there there's blood everywhere
comes it down till we fix them trapped
somebody's calling
it's infected his blood string beans
instead coming
we can't let this get back to earth
you